all right they're just going to make a
review of my car Asia lights for BMW and
this is how they look like they're LEDs
and there's supposed to be two brightest
one of the market and we're just going
to put them on and then we're going to
show you how they look like and we're
going to compare it with other LEDs no
other angel lights i'll be the one
installing them and putting these babies
of Tom will compare the ccfl to the LEDs
which I have the cci files in my car and
go from there and tell you which one is
the best to purchase and for the price
how is it looking so far look good
everything's intact and also the
different thing with the LEDs that if
they ship them they will come intact yes
those other ones they could come and
then broken I've had a couple like that
Oh break so yeah we're going to try
these out and see what they look like
all right let's check it
so there are some initialize from
earlier that was total crap
alright so those LEDs they do not have a
ballast so these are the ballast for the
hell puts the headlights
so apparently they didn't click on very
well and there was a bit loosely putting
like a double to make it fit better it's
also because the way the original OEM
lights will fit and will clip on them
but since these are the aftermarket they
will not so we have to come deal with
that maker of contraption
so it's seen we have some difficulties
here attaching the right one we had to
use tape or on here and it just seems
like holes but who knows what's gonna
happen if it heats up and the weather
changes but I guess we gotta run with it
because have a lot of options right now
so we'll say
you're a bit paranoid and using tape so
we're just going to put some glue on the
edge there just to make sure
so the last pace is on so how did it go
Elliot Linda quite well overall sets a
few blue interactions
when you install this well is there any
tip you can get people be patient
biggest thing is you want to rush it get
it done and time consuming but if you do
patient do it right it's going to pay
off similar professional and overall
it's going to last longer so faulty
mistakes I made with basically consuming
less time stuff how long time is its
take you thought we've got hour and a
half two hours hence the OEM it would
have gone faster but we had to deal with
the challenges that came upon us I think
we have managed it quite well do you
think anyone can do this are they have
some i'll say anyone because I mean I'm
the one doing it or not but yeah I mean
it's just follow the instructions so all
right thank you seems like they're
install now I don't know how it's gonna
show up on the camera but we're inside
the garage and kind of happy with the
result
only how this one came a bit too much
right but people am I going to know that
now of course I have a black car so
that's going to help but you can clearly
see that I the Le LEDs is a lot brighter
than the CC version